---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/obsidian//////","created":"2024-04-16T08:56:53.734+08:00","updated":"2024-09-08T15:25:05.532+08:00"}
---

sb. should have taken a closer look at sth.
# 课堂作文素材
## 老年问题
### <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">contributions</mark>
- 作为后代团结的纽带 \<family>    a bond of families of young generations
	- 每当春节降临之际，在外务工的家族晚辈们往往团聚在长辈家中，这正是人们获取归属感的重要来源
- 时代的见证与文化的传承 \<social> Witness to a time  and the inheritance of culture
### <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">problems</mark>
1. **Psychological Aspects**
	- Loneliness and Depression:
		Loss of a spouse, friends, and reduced family members can lead to feelings of loneliness and depression.
	- <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">Self-Identity:</mark>
		Retirement may bring about issues related to self-identity and self-worth, leading to a sense of purposelessness.

2. **Economic Aspects**
	- Retirement Income and Financial Security
		Some elderly individuals may face financial constraints, with retirement funds insufficient to cover medical and living expenses.
3. **Social Aspects**
	- <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">Social Interaction</mark>
		Due to the loss of a spouse,friends ,seniors may face a shrinking social circle, lacking opportunities for social activities and interaction.
### <mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">methods</mark>(tailored with our major)
1. <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">数字教育和培训</mark>
	1. 设计专门的在线课程，为老年人与时代之间搭建桥梁。让老年人在自我提升、追赶社会变化之中增强自我认同感
2. Virtual Reality 与 Augmented Reality -><mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">Virtual Avatar</mark>
	1. 利用~技术帮助老年人重拾与家人团聚的记忆和感受
# 范文
## 老年问题
*
**With advancements in food, housing, public health, and medicine, the increase in average lifespans has become an unstoppable societal trend. As a result, the proportion of older generations continues to rise, bringing both benefits and challenges.***

***The elderly contribute significantly to society by fostering family unity. During festivals like the Spring Festival, young people working away from home return to their elders, creating a strong sense of belonging. Moreover, seniors are vital carriers of culture. On breezy summer evenings or cozy winter days around a stove brewing tea, cultural transmission occurs as elders engage in gentle conversations with the younger generation.***

***However, the elderly also face significant challenges. Mentally, retirement can trigger issues of self-identity and self-worth, leading to a sense of purposelessness. Socially, the loss of spouses and friends may cause their social circles to diminish, reducing opportunities for social engagement.***

***To address these issues with the knowledge of Computer Science and Technology, I suggest two targeted initiatives. First, design online courses tailored for seniors to help bridge the gap between them and modern times, thus enhancing their self-identity through self-improvement. Second, employ VR and AR technologies to create virtual characters that help seniors recall cherished memories and the warmth of family reunions.***

***Acknowledging the contributions and challenges faced by the elderly is crucial. While technological solutions have shown effectiveness in some areas, a comprehensive resolution of these issues demands the collaborative efforts of professionals from diverse fields.***
## ***推荐阅读书目***

***The book titled Stray Birds is a remarkable collection of poetry written by the renowned Rabindranath Tagore. With exquisite metaphors, Tagore masterfully conveys profound reflections on the world and the passage of time, along with heartfelt emotions, especially the theme of love. Each poem in this collection invites readers to marvel at the romantic and imaginative imagery that Tagore crafts. His words evoke a sense of wonder and enchantment, allowing readers to deeply empathize with the emotions expressed in the verses. As you immerse yourself in this poetic journey, you will undoubtedly be captivated by the delicate beauty and philosophical depth of Tagore's work.***

- give real insights into the period 
- it is told from the point of __